The errors/warnings you are seeing are related to Qt platform plugins and graphics drivers, and they are generally not critical issues. They may occur due to missing or incorrect configurations of your system. Let's go through each of them and see how you can resolve them:

Could not find the Qt platform plugin "wayland" in "": This error typically occurs on systems that use Wayland as the windowing system instead of X11. It indicates that the Qt application is looking for a specific platform plugin called "wayland" but cannot find it. You can ignore this warning if you are running the application on X11, which is the default windowing system for most desktop Linux distributions.

qt.gui.icc: fromIccProfile: failed minimal tag size sanity: This warning suggests that there might be an issue with the ICC color profile of an image. It is often a non-critical issue and should not affect the functionality of your application. The warning may occur if an image has an invalid or unsupported ICC profile. You can try using a different image or check the ICC profile of the problematic image using an image editor or an ICC profile viewer to see if there are any issues with it.

libGL error: MESA-LOADER: failed to open iris: /usr/lib/dri/iris_dri.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory: This error indicates that the system is looking for a graphics driver called "iris_dri.so" but cannot find it. This might be related to the graphics driver configuration on your system. If you are running the application on a headless server or a system without a graphical environment, you can safely ignore this error.

libGL error: MESA-LOADER: failed to open swrast: /usr/lib/dri/swrast_dri.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory: This error indicates that the system is looking for a graphics driver called "swrast_dri.so" but cannot find it. Similar to the previous error, this might be related to the graphics driver configuration on your system, and you can ignore it if you are running the application without a graphical environment.

In general, if your application is running fine and you are not experiencing any critical issues, these warnings/errors can be safely ignored. However, if you want to further investigate and resolve them, you may need to look into the graphics drivers and configurations on your system, as well as the ICC profiles of the images you are using in your application. Keep in mind that these issues are not caused by the code you have provided, but rather by the system's configurations and environment.